---
layout: post
title:  "TOTY 2023 - Teammate Of The Year, Fortnite Squads"
keywords: "fortnite, game, toty, award"
description: "The TOTY award for 2023 goes to..."
date: 2024-01-01 22:00:00 -0600
categories: [ games, fortnite, squad, toty ]
permalink: toty-award-for-2023
excerpt: "The award goes to..."
image: toty2023.png
featured: true
---
# Accepting the TOTY Award 2023: A Milestone Achievement

I am incredibly honored and excited to accept the TOTY (Teammate Of The Year) Award for 2023. As TheTrashmanDC (sadly, Epic won't allow .com in usernames!), I've journeyed through countless Fortnite battles, always striving to be the best teammate possible (mostly).

## A Heartfelt Thank You

First and foremost, a huge thank you to the academy for this recognition. It means the world to me, especially as a die-hard fan of Tom Hanks, whose incredible performances have always inspired me.

## Shout Outs and Appreciation

- **Runner Up**: A special shout out to Outbraind. Consider this a pity vote, but know it's also a nod to your impressive skills and teamwork.
- **Last Year's TOTY**: Big thanks to Uzbonics for setting the bar. Well, let's just say you made it easy for me to shine this year!
- **My Voters**: Immense gratitude to Dirtgrubz and J2Customs. Your votes were pivotal, and I can't thank you enough for your support.

## Looking Ahead

2024 promises to be an exciting year with new TOTY voting mechanics. We're introducing quarterly voting that will influence the end-of-year decision. This change ensures more engagement and fair recognition of consistent performance throughout the year.

Stay tuned for more updates, and again, thank you all for this incredible honor!

*TheTrashmanDC*

{% picture totybattle.png %}
---

*© 2024 TheTrashmanDC. All rights reserved.*

